
Aardwolf Boot Camp Forums Menu Forum Navigation Search ... Forum breadcrumbs - You are here:ForumMembers: GeneralBlowTorch guide v1.1 02/19/2020 BlowTorch guide v1.1 02/19/2020 Reply Avatar Wolfpac @wolfpac February 11, 2020, 1:06 pmQuote First off i would like to say thanks to Shindo and Blockda for taking the time to make these plugins!

This guide is to be used if your setting up a Adroid tablet/phone for Aardwolf/Aardmud.

Step 1. Install Blowtorch. Grab Blowtorch 2.1 install APK from the Google Play Store and run the installation.

To setup connection to aardwolf press “NEW” insert the following information for Aardwolf:

Display Name: Aardwolf

Host Name: 23.111.136.202 or aardwolf.org (i find using IP address to work more stable)

Port: 4000 or 23 (try both and check if 1 works better for you)

Step 2. Prepare Blowtorch for your Plugins After the Installation open Blowtorch and press "options" (3 dots top right) Click on SDCard Permissions!

Startup aardwolf and login, once online go to the 3 dots top right corner (Options).

Options > Service > GMCP Options.

Use GMCP? Enable this by clicking the checkmark box next to it.

Click on “Supports String” and enter: “room1”, “char 1”, “comm 1”

Step 3. The Plugins Look under the links for bold text sayn tested on phone to know if it will work on your phone 😉

Download the following plugins and unpack the ZIP files at:

Internal storage > BlowTorch > Plugins

If the folder is not there, create 1.

On the following websites use the BUTTON to download the files!

Once we have all these files into our Plugins folder we go back to BlowTorch and startup a Aardwolf session and load the Plugins.

Option > Plugins > Load

Aardwolf_plugins-master > aardwolf_plugins-master > src > aard_utils.xml - Install Plugin

Do this with every plugin below!

Windows for: minimap/xp rate/stats/3 moons/ingame clock/statusbars (HP/Mana/xp to lvl/align)

https://github.com/blockda/aardwolf_plugins.git

Now you've got a few extra windows on your blowtorch i will go in further details later on on what is what. (picture Layout_explaine will be added) ps. Wont work for phone users.

chat window

https://github.com/blockda/chat_plugin.git

Once installed type in Aardwolf for it to work: tags spellups on

This will install a chat catch window at the top of your layout. To edit this window, hold your finger on the chat windows and use the left bottom grey logo to change the size of the window and the “eye” logo to go Lock the windows again. You’ll notice you're able to filter the chat by channel if you wish to do so.

At Options > Chat Window You’ll be able to change Height/Gag(catch) a extra line of text twice, at Windows you can edit the Font size, line spacing, Text buffer size and Font style.

I advise to do “Font size” 18, line spacing 0, Text buffer size 900.

Mapper GMCP

https://github.com/Shindo-Aardwolf/Aardwolf-mapper.git

Tested on 02/19/2020 - it works on my Huawei P30 pro phone

Read the site information it's all pretty clearly explained just do the same as all the other plugins and put them in the plugins folder. You’ll have to reboot BlowTorch for it to work. Make sure to have set "SDCard Permission" and GMCP settings as Shindo explains on his page. If you see red lines onced the plugin it loaded try: '.MapperSetup'

For the commands that work with this mapper read the command list file, it is all well explained. We will make buttons for these commands later on.

Quest and Campaign helper

https://github.com/Shindo-Aardwolf/Aardwolf-QuestandCampaign.git

Tested on 02/19/2020 - it works on my Huawei P30 pro phone

This plugin assumes that you have an alias called TARGET. If you do not please add one, the "Replace:" text should be TARGET and "With:" text can be ANYTHING.

Now make a button:

Name: KillQ

Replace with: 'Kill TARGET' or 'bs TARGET' if gotten the Thief class. This will attack your Quest mob.

AutoHunt & Hunt Trick

https://github.com/Shindo-Aardwolf/Aardwolf-combined-hunt-and-hunt-trick.git

Tested on 02/19/2020 - it works on my Huawei P30 pro phone

qw mobname - use where to find the room that the specified mob is in.

ht mobname - start hunt trick with the named mob.

ah mobname - start autohunt with the named mob.

Auto recast Plugin.

https://github.com/Shindo-Aardwolf/Spellup-Plugin.git

Tested on 02/19/2020 - it works on my Huawei P30 pro phone

Once installed type in Aardwolf for it to work: tags spellups on

.sp on

© 2021 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Docs
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About
